Add Asset Conversion Guides (#5812)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-asset-conversion-assethub.md

## Fee Payment in Any Asset - Wallets

> Without Asset Conversion pallet, only DOT and sufficient assets can be used for paying transaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without Asset Conversion pallet, only DOT and [sufficient assets](./learn-assets.md#sufficient-assets) can be used for paying transaction
```

One of the pain points of integrating parachain tokens natively on wallets and exchanges is that
they require running individual parachain infrastructure like full nodes to process deposits, and
require additional code to handle withdrawals because they need to be able to construct and
broadcast transactions on each parachain. These parachains could use different balances pallets or
order them differently. When Polkadot hosts hundreds of parachains (and possibly thousands of
threads), this becomes a huge burden in terms of network support. This is in contrast to adding
support for an additional ERC20 token; the marginal effort is very small since an Ethereum node
already serves all the data they need.

With support for these assets on AssetHub, exchanges/custodians could monitor one chain for deposits
(applications and UIs would need to give the option to transfer to AssetHub). For withdrawals, users

> could choose to withdraw to their address on AssetHub. There are two user experience bonuses here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With support for these assets on Asset Hub, exchanges/custodians could monitor one chain for deposits
(applications and UIs would need to give the option to transfer to Asset Hub). For withdrawals, users
could choose to withdraw to their address on Asset Hub. There are two user experience bonuses here:
```
